[MUSIC PLAYING]
Before the election, Donald
Trump encouraged his supporters
to monitor the polls for fraud.
Or, as Republicans call
it, black people voting.
[LAUGHTER]
I traveled to the all important
swing state of Pennsylvania
to find out just
what was going on.
They even want to try and rig
the election at the polling
booths, where so many
cities are corrupt
and voter fraud
is all too common.
If nothing else,
people are going
to be watching on November 8th.
Watch Philadelphia.
We're here in
Philadelphia, keeping an eye
on the white people, keeping
an eye on the black people,
who are here to vote.
OK.
I believe we finally spotted
an intimidating poll watcher.
There he is.
Douchie Howser.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
No, I didn't say it that way.
-Yo, I don't know who you are.
-That's good.
I don't know who you are.
You need to chill out.
I didn't say it that way.
I don't get [INAUDIBLE]
I'm chill.
You're the one pointing
your finger at me.
I'm chill.
I work for the city
Republican Party,
and our job is to
ensure that we have
fair elections in this
democratic-dominated city.
OK.
So the first thing they do
when they sense voter fraud,
they call a local teenager.
[LAUGHTER]
We call a local 25-year-old,
and I call the DA.
So tell us.
What I see here is
what you've uncovered
a widespread massive
single case of voter fraud.
[LAUGHTER]
Well, I can tell
you that over 30
of our court-appointed minority
inspectors across the city
have been kicked out of
their polling places.
Minority inspector?
Minority party.
You're playing the race card.
Triumph, don't play
the race card on me.
As a black entertainer,
I'm obligated.
[LAUGHTER]
But no, seriously, is
voter fraud that bad?
Is it any worse
than the fraud you
commit when you fill
out your OkCupid
profile without revealing that
you live with your mother.
[LAUGHTER]
He'll be home by 6:00.
Don't let this election
day stuff scare you, mama.
Going to vote today?
I am.
Are you here to vote?
Well, I think you might need
some help getting through.
No, you see the Republican
Geek Squad is whining
about voter fraud,
so that they can keep
your neighborhood from voting.
You here to vote.
Yeah.
OK, well.
As you can see, it's
not the easiest thing.
A lot of voter
intimidation going on here.
Look at this poor lady.
30 minutes ago, she
was five foot seven.
[LAUGHTER]
She's 23 years old.
See that guy.
He's trying to keep
black people from voting.
You guys need my help.
You need my help.
What are you
going to do for us?
Just come with me, OK?
Come here, come here, guys.
I want you to meet someone.
Come on out, Rebecca.
Hi.
This is Rebecca.
Rebecca is makeup artist.
-How's it going?
-Hi.
Pleasure to meet you.
What are the movies
you're most famous for?
I worked on a little movie
called "White Chicks."
Yeah.
Wayans brothers.
You guys getting the idea?
Oh, yes.
Yes.
Do want to vote in
Donald Trump's America?
Do you want a chance to vote?
Yeah.
Just get in the van.
Just do it.
[LAUGHTER]
Look at you.
Yes.
By the time we're done with
you, you're going to be
hailing cabs in your sleep.
[LAUGHTER]
Very nice.
Look at you.
Roger Ailes would grope
you without batting an eye.
[LAUGHTER]
No whiter.
I want him to look like
Tilda Swinton saw a ghost.
[LAUGHTER]
OK, come on out.
All right.
Let's go.
[LAUGHTER]
Walk proudly, like you've never
been bothered by the police.
We just wanted to come here
in our district as Republicans
and exercise our rights.
Well, I've been
feeling for my safety,
because when I leave here,
I live in a gated community.
My house is gated.
We need the wall built. I'm
ready to put up a million
dollars of my own money.
For Trump, yes, because
that's a man with vision.
If you don't know what
Donald Trump stands for,
you wait and see, because
I'm confident this election
will be a success for all of--
-Totally.
-Our people.
We're psyched.
I'm psyched.
I'm super excited to
vote for the man that
is going to fix this nation.
Donald Trump, motherfucker.
That last line was OK.
You sounded like a white
person who wants to be Black.
Get in there.
Go ahead.
You can do it.
America is depending on you.
Remember, act white.
Warby Parker.
Gluten-free cupcakes.
Citi Bike.
The suspense is killing me.
Yes, yes!
You did it.
You tricked the Republican scum.
[LAUGHTER]
Yes, sure.
Let's take a selfie.
You're a great poll watcher.
Nothing gets by you, except
the parade of women who
ignore you on a daily basis.
[LAUGHTER]
I think we all learned
something today.
That in America white
people and black people
can indeed get along, as
long as the black people
are white people.
[LAUGHTER]
[APPLAUSE]